UDOO X86 features two M.2 connectors on the bottom of the board.

### M.2 SATA/PCI-e Slot: Socket 2 Key B type 2242/3042/2260

The mass storage capabilities of the UDOO X86 are completed by an M.2 SSD Slot, which allow plugging M.2 Socket 2 Key B Solid State Drives with SATA interface or PCI-e x2 interface (PCI-e x1 is also supported).  
The connector used for the M.2 SATA/PCI-e slot is CN20, which is a standard 75 pin M.2 Key B connector, type *LOTES p/n APCI0087-P001A, H=8.5mm*.

On the UDOO X86 board there is also a Threaded Spacer which allows the placement of M.2 Socket 2 Key B SATA/PCI-e modules in 2260 size.  

You can find officials [M.2 SSD Transcend MTS600](!Hardware_&_Accessories/Official_Accessories) in the UDOO Shop compatible with this connector.

It is possible to place also modules in 2242 or 3042 size, by using a M/F Spacer which allows fixing the M.2 module on the spacer already available on the PCB, deemed for the fixing of the M.2 Key E.

The PCI-e x2 interface can be used also for different purposes other than SSD modules, but it is important that the CONFIG_1 signal is driven properly (it can be left unconnected on PCI-e based modules, due to the presence of the pull-up resistor on the platform).

For example you can connect other accessories as the official [M.2 dual Ethernet Module Kit](!Hardware_&_Accessories/Official_Accessories) or an adapter from *M.2-to-PCI-e* as used in [this project to connect an external GPU](https://udoo.hackster.io/matteodelbalio/udoo-x86-with-geforce-gtx-1060-gpu-2aed20?ref=channel&ref_id=497_published___&offset=0).

### M.2 Connectivity Slot: Socket 1 Key E Type 2230

It is possible to increase the connectivity of the UDOO X86 board by using M.2 Socket 1 Key E connectivity modules (i.e. modules with functionalities like WiFi + Bluetooth).  

The connector used for the M.2 Connectivity slot is CN19, which is a standard 75 pin M.2 Key E connector, type *LOTES p/n APCI0076-P001A, H=4.2mm*, with the pinout shown in the table on the left.

On the UDOO X86 board there is also a Threaded Spacer which allows the placement of M.2 Socket 1 Key E connectivity modules in 2230 size.

You can find the official [M.2 Wi-Fi Intel dual band ac Wi-Fi + BT 4.2 5ghz + adhesive antenna](!Hardware_&_Accessories/Official_Accessories) in the UDOO Shop compatible with this connector.
